Okay, so I started the recording. I'm
going to call to order the Town of
Andover Board of Selectman regular
meeting for Monday, April 13th. It is
7:01.
The first item of business is the pledge
of allegiance. I pledge allegiance to
the flag of the United States of America
to the republic for which it stands. One
nation under God under God
>> indivisible with liberty justice for
all.
>> Okay. Um
item two is public speak. So we'll go
around Kathy Plazy.
>> Um hi Jeff.
>> Hi. Um, I just wanted to say thank you
to Scott Persan for returning and retrie
retrieving and returning our plaque for
the uh sustainable
um committee. We want to put that up and
uh I'm not sure if you gave permission
that we could put it up in the town in
the lobby or in the uh community room of
the town hall.
and uh we'd like to put that up if it's
okay with you.
>> Um I'm sure it's okay with the board and
the community room would be fine. So,
we'll sit there and get that up unless
anybody has any other issues.
Okay. Um we're going to keep going. Yep.
We're going to keep going through. Uh
uh Eric, we're going to hold off on you.
Uh Victoria Kavanagh,
>> good evening. Um,
sorry. Um, my name is Victoria Kavanagh.
I live in town. Um, I'm here tonight
because I have not received any
acknowledgement or response to a serious
concern I raised with the board via
email regarding a disability related
exclusion from a town sponsored program.
Um, that program would be Andover Summer
Camp. They clearly state on their
registration form that they are
operating using town resources and is
sponsored by the Andover Rec Commission.
On October 1st, I sent a detailed email
formally requesting reconsideration. Uh
the camp director, the cool board, the
interim town administrator, and this
board of selectmen were on that email. I
explained that my son, who has
documented disabilities, was denied
access to the Andover summer camp for
the second year in a row without an any
individual assessment or any discussion
of reasonable accommodations.
Since sending that email, I've received
no reply from anyone included. Um, no
follow-up questions, no requests for
clarification, not even an
acknowledgement that my message was
received.
Um, it's my understanding that you guys
aren't going to respond during the
public speak and I'm not asking for that
tonight. Um, I'm just trying to make it
clear and have it on the record that a
resident raised a legitimate concern
about potential disability
discrimination in the town sponsored
program and was met with complete
silence.
Uh, my goal is to resolve this
collaboratively and constructively. But
when a town sponsored program excludes a
child with disabilities and the
governing body decides to
I'm sorry declines to even acknowledge
the issue, I have to consider what my
other avenues are. I hope moving forward
the town will engage with us in a good
faith effort and ensure that all
residents, especially those with
disabilities, are treated with respect
and responsiveness.
Um, and that an all Andover families are
afforded the same opportunities for
their children.
Thanks for your time.
>> Okay, thank you. We will get back to you
this week. Um, to Toriana Williams,
>> I'm all good, thank you. Okay, Leanne
Hutchinson.
>> I'm I'm all set. Thanks.
>> Stephen King,
>> nothing at this time.
>> Oh, that's Lisa Jablonsky. We'll skip
you. Joanne Heert.
>> Hi, everyone. No, I'm here to listen.
Thank you.
>> Maria Tolman.
You're on mute, Maria, if you're talking
to us.
Okay, Maria, I'll come back to you. Uh,
phone number ending in 7282.
Phone number ending in 5475.
That's me, Leanne.
>> Oh, okay. Leanne.
All right. Uh, phone number 7282.
Okay. Kimberly Persan.
>> All set. Thank you.
>> All right. Have I missed anyone here?
Um, Eric, do you want to say anything?
>> Nope. I'm good at this time.
>> All right, Lisa, do you need to say
anything?
>> Nope, I'm good.
>> Okay. All right. Um, we're going to move
on to item three, additions, changes to
the agenda. Uh, anyone else have any
issues that they'd like to put on the
agenda for today?
>> I'd just like to add that the discussion
about the zoning agent and him posting
an opening for the wetlands and water
course agent.
>> All right. Um,
anybody else?
>> Um, can we add the status of the King
property um,
uh, property line adjustment and, uh,
surveyor payment?
>> Okay. Um,
let's add that one
to 8H.
And if possible, can we do a quick um
um
executive session at the end of this
uh we would call it
15A
uh to discuss and act upon uh issues
related to the zoning agent and uh
discuss compensation issues.
Anybody
have a problem with that?
Okay.
So,
I'll make a motion. I'll just word it
and I'll make a motion that we add 8H
discussion and action upon uh the King
property lot line adjustment
and uh 15A executive session discussion
and possible action on compensation
issues and um employee openings we'll
call it.
>> Seconded.
>> All right. Further discussion?
All those in favor? I'll go around
because I got to do it that way. Ann,
>> hi.
>> Carol,
>> I
>> Jeff Murray,
>> Scott Person,
>> Jeff Magguire, I. So, five nothing. So,
we'll add those items to the agenda.
All right, we're going to move on to
item four, board and commission
presentations. I don't know that we have
any of those for today.
Um, we're going to move on to item uh
five, appointments. On page four of our
packet, we have the conservation
commission is looking to reappoint
regular members. Um,
I'll read them. Maryann Guile, Evan
Aguire,
Kathy Shea, James Cole, Hank Gruner, and
alternates Gary Guile, and Stephen King
uh look to be reappointed to the
Conservation Commission.
I'll make a motion that we reappoint all
the said members to the conservation
committee for another another term.
Second,
>> um I'll give it that to Carol Lee.
Right.
Further discussion.
Ann, how do you vote?
>> I.
>> Carol,
>> Jeff Murray,
>> I.
>> Scott Person.
>> Jeff Magcguire. 5 nothing.
All right. Uh, item six, resignations.
We received a resignation from Kathy
Palazi. Um,
I'll read it for everyone. It is with
great sadness I am writing to inform you
I must resign from the Commission on
Aging Committee effective on Monday,
April 6, 2026. I have copied members on
this email, including Robera and Lauren,
who will have a copy for their records.
It has been my privilege to have
reinstated the Commission on Aging 26
years ago when it had fallen in in the
cracks as some of the important business
committees do in small towns. Elaine
Bukart, it was very fortunate we were
able to have you take over leadership
when Judy Knox had to step down. You
have been a terrific leader and I wish
you and all the members of the committee
success in years ahead. Thank you for
allowing me to serve on this committee
for so many wonderful years helping our
seniors. Blessings to all. Kathy Palazi.
Um there's nothing we need to do with
this other than thank Kathy for her
years of service to the community and um
appreciate everything that she and Mike
have done for the town over the many
years that they've volunteered for the
town. So
>> you Kathy.
>> Yeah.
>> Anyone else?
No. Okay.
>> Well, thank you for all your work.
>> All right. Um, item seven, town
administrators report. I want to
introduce the public to our new town
administrator, Matt Strereer. He's the
the guy, good-looking guy in the tie.
Um, so we'll let everybody know that.
Um, today was Matt's first day. He got
introduced by to all of the um employees
at the town hall, public works. We went
down and visited the field and um you
know we will sit there and hit the
ground running. I don't expect Matt to
give uh uh town administrator's report,
but Matt, if there's anything you'd like
to say, the floor is yours.
>> Okay. Thank you. Uh again, Matt Streer.
Uh welcome has been received. I've been
greeted warmly by the uh town staff and
the members of the public that have come
to see me already. I'm just getting
acclimated to my surroundings. Uh, so I
do not have a town submitter ready for
report, but I will have one for the next
meeting and uh I uh appreciate your
confidence in me and I uh look forward
to working for a while with the town of
Andover.
>> Thank you.
>> Anybody from the board?
>> Anybody from the board want to sit there
and
>> pleasure to meet you, Matt.
>> Afternoon.
Okay.
>> Thank you, Scott.
>> All right. So, we're going to go through
the old business. It's going to be
similar to our administrator's report
and we'll move through this so that we
can uh we've got to get Matt up to speed
on some of these issues. Some of these
issues been discussed with them. Some of
them are going to be uh we're going to
have to give them some additional help
to get through it. But we'll go through
uh item A 8A, old business. uh review
the status of the veteran field
improvement project. Um Scott, why don't
you give us an update on that so that we
all know where we're at?
>> Supposed to be moving their equipment in
possibly this this week, maybe towards
the end of the week, and start working
on the uh playground first.
Um, that's in the
something that still has to go through
the treasurer's office.
I think you're working on that though.
>> So, that issue is related to uh the
playground equipment. Uh,
>> yeah,
>> we received a bill from the uh
playground equipment company. We should
have received a bill from the builder.
So that
that will get taken care of. So anyway,
uh additional updates on that. We
received uh approval on our legislative
grant related to that. Uh this is a
steep grant. So, as everything in this
town, as I told Matt today, um our
budget is our maintenance of of what has
to happen within the town and everything
that has been done over the last 8 to 10
years has been related to grant funding
or federal funding related to the ARPA
funds. So, uh community center was ARPA
funds. The bridges are federal and state
grants. Uh the
the well, we'll talk about that. That's
next on the list. The senior center
transportation garage is a grant. The
steep the field and the the pickleball
courts are grants. So hopefully in a
time timeline the pickle ball courts and
the playgrounds will be done sometime in
the early summer. So that is the goal to
have that completed uh as quickly as
possible and definitely before the fall.
So that's the status of the veteran
field improvement uh package. Item 8B,
uh, review the senior transportation
garage status. Um, now that Matt is in
place, what we're going to attempt to do
is get the new committee that we
established at our prior meeting, the
building in the building and the
construction uh, committee that was
formed.
We have to get them engaged on that
project to get that project moving
along. That is also a grant-f funed
project. uh lots money for that one and
we're gonna sit there and try to get
that one started as quickly as we
possibly can as well. Um but that one
has some design issues that we have to
deal with and some additional changes to
the overall structure of that project.
Uh 8C
and and listen, anybody have any
questions on that? Let's just go
backwards.
>> No. Where where did you and Jeff Murray
end up with that with the new trust
system?
>> Um,
>> and Millennium,
>> we ended up talking to Millennium about
what we should potentially do, but
there's a change in the overall cost of
that program related to that. So what we
had wanted to do is wanted to get the
this committee that we've established to
help us get the best results out of all
of our projects and how we spend our
money. So I want to get them engaged
with it because they have more
experience in those areas than I do. And
the goal would be to get the right
design and the
right understanding of whether the bid
coming from the IQCS
program is right. So right though it's
more it's more it has to do additional
work on that project because the
original building's not going to work as
it was designed. the secondary building
will work but will potentially cost uh
you know 30 to $50,000 more and we have
to sit there and make sure that that's
the right thing to do. So
>> reinvent the whole building or are we
going to follow through what was already
proposed?
Um, we're going to try to follow through
on what has been proposed with a second
floor and drive storage on the second
floor and getting the roof off of the
the uh
>> grade.
>> Yeah, it's a grade. Thank you. So, I
mean, the roof the roof line on the back
of that property was right on the grade
of the driveway that was there. It's not
going to work. It's going to cause us
other problems. So, we have to raise it
up. We have to put a second floor on
that. It allows us to have dry storage.
So, the rec commission, the seniors, and
the various organizations because we
really don't have any dry storage within
town other than at the um public works
building.
And it's not the best use of public use,
public works storage. And honestly,
public works is a garage. It's it's you
know, we need dry storage that's that's
clean for everything that somebody might
want to put there. You know, there's
equipment clean and then there's clean
clean, right? I mean, Eric, I'm not
saying anything bad. I was just walking
around there today. So, there's clean
clean and there's there's there's, you
know, equipment clean. So, we need more
storage. It would be positive use of our
money, but we're probably going to end
up having to go back to town meeting to
be really honest, Scott, on that
project. Um, so we got to get it
finished now that Matt's here. We will
sit there and move forward with that and
get that done.
>> When's this going to start?
>> When is what going to start? When is
>> the project end up the review committee?
When's that going to start? This has
been going on for like three years now.
Um,
>> Scott, we just got the committee
together last month and I've been
exceptionally busy at the moment. Um, so
>> I can't give you a date.
>> Yeah, I'm going to try to get it done as
soon as possible.
>> All right. 8C and status of the Longill
Bridge project. Um, last week we had a
uh an opening meeting for the project.
Uh Scott Persan and Eric Johansson
attended the meeting um with me. Um
the meeting had all the engineers, the
contractor, the state uh and the various
related parties that are all engaged in
this project. This project is going to
start May 1st. Uh which means that
the road long road is going to be
closed. uh coming toward Route Six. I
don't know the directional nature of
which way that's going, north or south,
but it's one of those ways. East or
west?
>> East or west. Yeah,
>> east or west. And uh it's going to be
closed and it's going to get started.
The contractor trade uh winds or trade I
think it's trade winds. Um
they have a a $3.9 million contract to
replace that bridge. Uh that bridge is
expected to be completed before November
1st of 2026. So it's going to be a
pretty quick turnaround. Um they're
anticipating getting everything done
quickly. the uh telephone poles or the
the line poles have been put in. The
trees have been cut down. Um and the
project is $3.9 million completely
funded by grants federally and state. U
just to understand that's a $900,000
increase to our previous bridge that was
only done one year ago. So costs seem to
be increasing
uh out there uh not going down. So
>> you know uh so hopefully that bridge
gets done on time and we don't have any
problems with that. Um one thing that I
would do and Matt I'm going to put this
over on you. We got to reach out to um
we got to reach out to the church and
Carol, it might be something you can
help us with that they do their uh food
pantry on Wednesday. We might want to
ask them to have the parking across
Route 6 and utilize the the crosswalk
across Route 6. you know, they're going
to find out pretty quickly how much
traffic is down there and and how much
uh interference there is with the
construction project, but that is
something that I was thinking about
because they're fairly busy down there
on Wednesday and it's not something that
we should tell them how to do it, but we
should tell them it could be a concern
and it could be a problem because I
believe they've been using public works
parking lot if that's correct, Eric. And
public works parking lot might be fairly
full uh at that point in time. Right.
>> I have one quick question.
>> So yeah, Matt here uh on the uh has
anybody contacted the emergency services
for say uh uh
trying to think of the next time up
commentary. if uh we know there's those
that those apartments that are just on
the other side there and it seems like
it'd be a real securitous route for our
first emergency first responders and I
was wondering how they how we anticipate
uh if we need any extra coverage from
them or if we need to contact our
neighboring town.
>> I think that I I I talked to the fire
department people and they said that
they've already discussed this with
Coventry in case they need do need that
map.
>> Okay. that
>> okay
>> that they might not be able to get there
and they're going to put some equipment
down at the senior housing
so that they have the so because it's
going to take a little longer to get
there. They're going to have some there
in case people are on the north side of
the river they can get down there quick
and there be equipment there for them to
utilize.
>> Okay. Yeah. When we took a walk over
there I saw that and I didn't think of
the question until after uh the select
board members have left. So, I just
wanted to quickly just ask if that was
something that needed to be done or not.
It sounds like it's in under control.
>> Yeah, thanks for bringing that up
though, Matt.
>> Well, um,
>> what about the
>> what about the, uh, stop light up on
Hendee? Is that going to be installed?
The temporary light?
>> Yes, that's part of the project that's
being undertaken by the contractor.
>> Okay. So, about the time that the road
is the bridge is closed, they'll be
putting that light in then or should we
anticipate that? I would expect that
they're going to try to put it in
beforehand. They were talking about the
type of light. It's not going to be a
temporary. They're going to actually put
in poles is what I understood.
>> Um,
>> right.
>> So, I would anticipate they wouldn't
start the project until they had that
light
qualified by DOT.
>> Good. Um,
Matt, one thing uh uh I had spoken to
the chief uh for the fire department
today because they were doing the hose
testing today. And uh he had told me
that he was going to attempt to get with
you tomorrow. I don't know if he got
with you today. He said he would try
today, but that's something that we
should talk to him about and and make
sure that the emergency services are are
situated correctly with Coventry and
what they got going over there.
>> Okay. Yeah, he stopped by today. He's
guess he's going to Maine for the the
end of the week and he'll be back next
week. So, we talked about getting
together next week, but we didn't talk
about that project, but we did have a
good introduction. So,
>> that's all right. And then when Wally
Barton gets in there, he can also assist
you to get to the the fire commission
and the people that you would need to
talk to over there as well.
>> Sounds great. Thank
>> y um
anybody else have anything related to
the Long Hill Bridge project?
I I mean, I'm just letting everybody
know I signed the contract as of last
week as well, and that contract's in the
town administrator's office as it is.
Um
8D, the status of the Percy Cook Trail
Preliminary Plan. Uh that is something
that we're going to have to sit there
and and get with the engineering firm. I
don't have any update on you other than
the last update from the last meeting.
So, we'll have to sit there and see what
we've got going with the uh
um
with the engineering firm and decide
what we want to do with that moving
forward. Um
>> looks like the surveyors have been out
there the last couple days.
>> Okay.
It looks like they keep working then,
Scott.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Sending bills.
>> Sending bills. You want to talk sending
bills? Let's talk about the next one.
So, anybody have anything on 8D, the
status of the Percy Cook Trail?
Okay. Um
8E, the status of the animal control
services. So, NECOG is our um
our animal control
contracted services group. I spoke with
Jim Rivers today who's the
I guess you would call the CEO of that
organization.
We have a an animal control issue with a
resident. Um it was a hoarding issue,
then a then a safety issue, then a
sanitation issue. And this issue has
been going on since January. and we have
uh running legal bills with Sage and
Howerin on this project. Um
I was signing checks and I sat there and
had a problem with this. I called Sage
and Howerin. I spoke to the attorney and
the biggest issue is attempting to try
to get control to of the expenses
related to this case. It's a civil case.
There's a criminal case against one of
the individuals. There's a civil case
related to the animals and how the
animals are handled. And um I spoke to
Dennis O'Brien about this today and he
called attorney Brance and this comes
down to we have about 17 to $18,000 of
legal bills related to this case which
we have to pay
>> and uh I have requested a meeting
between
our Sage and Howerin attorneys Niko and
the um residents attorneys because we
have attempt to find a resolution to
this case because as I said there's we
it's an uncontrollable expense on our
end and we can't continue to have it. So
that's the reason why Sageent Howerin
hadn't been paid because I'm sitting
there trying to find a way for us to um
stop spending money on this project on
this case because it like I said there's
we're not in control. The town is not in
control of this. We're not in control of
the case. We're not in control of of any
of the filings. We're not in control of
the negotiations. And so, we have to
gain some level of control over this or
we'll just continue to spend money
because it's required by state statute
to go through this process. And so, this
is a problem. I spoke to uh Lisa uh the
treasurer today about this. We're going
to put this in uh the legal bill line
related to uh what we do in internally
with the town. It's going to send it
significantly over budget. It's going to
end up having to come out of somewhere.
Uh but
this is a problem and trying to get
a resolution to it. So it is not a good
situation, but it's something that we've
been put in the situation. Niko has the
animals. The resident has to sit there
and they have to come to a settlement.
Just letting everybody know.
Any questions?
No. Okay.
>> Thanks, Jeff, for doing that.
>> Just it's just one of those things. Yes.
So, 8F, a discussion and update on the
AES RFP for bathroom renovations. Um,
and Jeff Murray, since you're on the
committee, you want to give us an update
on that?
Yep. All the bids came in. I think
they're considering the two lowest
biders.
Um, one came in at 207 and the next
lowest is 232.
And that is Richard's Corp, which
actually gave us originally a bid for
$400,000.
So, there's some questions there of why
we went down to $170,000.
So, the meeting is to there's a special
meeting tomorrow at uh 4 o'clock that
I'm going to attend and uh discussion.
There's going to be discussion and
probably a
recommendation or decision from the
board of who they want to go with.
>> Okay. Who's going to attend that
meeting?
>> I'm going to attend. Um I think Bill de
Rogers is attending which he's also on
the committee and board and school board
members.
Uh, I will not be attending that, Scott.
So, if you want to go, feel free. I have
I'm being I'll be traveling tomorrow.
>> Well, so just just to summarize, the the
low bidding contractor is very
qualified. Um, I ran him through um I
ran the bids through many of the
construction committee members and they
were pretty unanimous on the the
capabilities of the lowest bidder.
>> Okay. and that they would they would um
that they would perform well with this
project because it's it's it's they do
similar work in other schools and
municipalities. So
>> quite a bit of difference in the price
there too, Jeff.
>> Yeah. Another thing is a lot of the
other contractors, the second highest,
the Richards, most of the change order
costs are almost three times what this
low bidder is. So if we get change
orders, it could it could be
substantially add to the cost of the
project.
>> Yeah. The obvious choice is the one that
you chose, it seems like.
>> Yeah. Well, we start out $25,000 ahead.
So, if we get change orders, we think we
could, you know, effectively eat up
$25,000 in change orders before we'd
even get to the next bidder.
>> Plus, those guys offered 400 initially.
>> Yeah, I still have questions on that. I
didn't I didn't the answer that I heard
from Fussen O'Neal I was not um you
know, very confident in. So,
>> well, listen, it what it did is it just
proved the fact that if you do and run a
reasonably
professional RFP, you're going to save
money,
>> right?
>> Um,
>> so let's try.
>> So, can I say something? I was at the
last board of ed meeting and um as well
as at the opening of the bids and they
said that with the economy the way it is
now all of these companies are uh
sharpening their pencil so to speak and
they're really coming down on their
prices and uh the original order from
Fuss and O'Neal they also included in
that cost their supervising of the whole
project which is not included in all
these bids that have been coming in now.
So, two reasons why they're so low
compared to what the original one was.
>> Yeah. One thing that concerns me, Ann,
is that, you know, my history in the
last 6 months to even a year is
contractor prices have gone up
substantially.
Um, and most of the contracts I've been
trying to get work out of have been
pretty much booked for the rest of the
year. And, you know, prices are going
up. If anything, that's why I was
concerned about that answer because I
mean, you look at benefits, everything
else is going up. I mean, the school
boards wants an 11% increase. Everybody
else is seeing pain. So, I mean, any if
anything else, everything else is going
up, not going down.
>> Yeah. So,
>> unfort.
>> Oh, yeah. Definitely. And I have high
confidence in that contractor, the the
low bidding contractor, that we would
get we would do well with them. I I I
believe we would do very well with them.
So they gave us a detailed schedule,
references, completed projects, and like
with with the second highest bidder with
Richards, we didn't even get a we didn't
even get a project schedule.
>> We didn't even give references. And some
of the other biders, we didn't even get
references either or a schedule. I mean,
when we when a contractor gives us a
schedule, we can meet with them every
week and make sure that they're on par
with, you know, make sure that they're
meeting their schedule.
>> So
I really liked what they put together.
It was a good package.
Okay, so the
the end all be all out of this is the
town is potentially going to save
somewhere around $193,000.
Well, that's not true. Well, no, it is
true because you have to figure out how
the Fuss and O'Neal contract was paid
and what we're going to sit there and
have to pay out related to the rest of
the Fuss and O'Neal engineering
contract. So, there's a little bit extra
cost, but in the long run, there's a
$193,000
savings by doing the RFP correctly.
>> Um, one other thing to note is that when
the school did the laughter roof
project,
>> Mhm.
>> the um they they used a liaison, like a
project leaison to come in in the
morning and in the afternoon, take
pictures, look at job progress, and
report back. Um, I would suggest doing
something like that here. And so if we
were to hire somebody, it would probably
be anywhere from $6 to $8,000 for the
duration of the project. So that would
be the biggest adder that we would have.
>> Okay. And what was the schedule like
timeline? Is it all during the summer so
it doesn't impact school?
>> Yeah, I believe it this the the start
date is 6:15. I mean, they've got a
detailed schedule down to dumpster
arrival, demolition, electricians,
Tylers, all the stages of the the
project are broken down into tasks.
>> Great. and they were and they were going
to they were supposed to be completed
and start cleanup in the first or second
week of August.
>> Okay, so that sounds great. Any other
questions related to this?
>> Jeff, just keep us informed as to what
happens with it so we can figure out
what we need to sit there and do related
to the project since in the long run it
is our building town building. So let's
sit there and deal with it correctly.
>> I just want to just want to get a PO out
and get this done.
>> Got it. So,
>> all right. 8G discussion and possible
action on the Hop River Homes contract.
Um, uh, I spoke with Maria Tolman, who
was actually on this meeting. I spoke
with her earlier today. What I'd like to
do is schedule um a meeting at the town
hall with Matthew and the board members
at some point in time, maybe next week,
just to discuss the um committee, the
the management committee or the the
board that sits there and manages the um
the Hop River Homes. I'd like to have a
a a face-to-face discussion with them so
that we can sit there and get an
understanding of what u changes to that
uh contract are going to do. Is that
acceptable to all the members? So, we'll
sit there and try to get that scheduled
anybody problem with that. All right.
So, then Maria will sit there and get
that done. Right.
uh 8H discussion and possible action on
uh the King property lot line agreement.
Um I know that today
uh attorney O'Brien I spoke to Mr.
King's attorney. Um
there's two things going on related to
this. Um, Wana is and Scott Person said
that he lost internet so he'll be back
on um
so today Dennis received the five
documents for review. Uh,
and we need to sit there and get those
things done, but that's going to take a
little bit of time. This thing won't get
these won't get adjusted until addressed
until the next meeting. But, uh, we also
did receive a I believe it's a $1,500
bill related to survey work that we had
voted previously to sit there and, uh,
split with uh,
Mr. King. So, and I believe that 1,500
is half the cost. Is that correct, Jeff?
>> Yes, I believe so. Um, Steve is online.
He could uh he could probably uh confirm
that.
>> All right,
Steve, can you confirm that for us?
>> The total bill was $5,000 split between
us is $2,500 a piece.
>> Is that the bill that's in the town hall
right now? I didn't think it was that
high. your half, the town's half is
$2,500, which I have already paid.
>> You have already paid. So,
>> I paid that back in uh December in order
to continue to do business with uh the
uh uh surveyor. He was not going to do
business with me anymore. So, I had no
choice.
>> Okay. Um
I will verify that that bill is in with
the treasurer and we will sit there and
get that paid. Um
>> I appreciate it.
Yeah. And then I'm assuming since you
continue to do business with you, you
can sit there and have them apply that
to some of your one of your other
projects.
Okay. Anybody have a problem with that
getting done?
No.
Okay.
>> Well, the check will be made out to
Stephen King, correct? Or is it going to
be
>> Well, it'll be made out to the surveyor.
Is that too
>> That needs to be made out to me. I've
already paid the bill. I've shelled out
$5,000 for the pins.
2500 was the town's half and I've
already paid that and I've provided uh
Jeff all the documentation.
>> Okay, Jeff, then let's get with Lisa and
we'll sit there and get that done.
>> Okay.
>> All right.
Um
and the and you said the pins all the
pins have been installed.
>> All the pins are installed. All the
paperwork has been provided to Dennis
and uh we're just waiting for uh
everybody to sign, seal, and deliver so
we can convey this property to the town
and get this business done.
>> Okay, that sounds great.
All right, anybody have any other
questions?
>> Okay. Uh item nine uh new business
discuss and act upon the following the
2026 2027 budget. Uh the budget has been
moved through the town meeting. It's
going to go to referendum on May 5th
and
it's a significant increase. Any other
Anybody want to talk about it?
No. Okay.
Um item 9B event permit pending fire
marshall and EHD approval. So in our
packet on page
uh there is a
permit for Sri Lankan New Year's uh
calibration at the Connecticut
Meditation Center which is on Route 6 or
Hutchinson Road. So they will not be
they will be using the Hutchinson road
entrance not be using the six entrance
and
this is in our packet because of the
date that is related to it. So the date
is the 18th
which is coming up this weekend.
Um the only thing that we would do is we
would approve this pending
approval by the two other organizations.
So the fire marshall and the eastern
health high uh eastern health highlands
health district.
>> So um
we don't need to approve it because it
came in late. We we can approve it to
sit there and say it's it's pending
related to uh
approval by the fire marshall and the
EHD.
We can do nothing. What would the group
like to do related to this?
>> They have been historically late with
these applications
>> yearly.
>> If we approve this, if I approve this,
we do it one more time and say, "Look,
you guys come in again late, um you're
not going to get approved next year.
Well, just to let you know, the house
the property is for sale.
Oh,
this might be the last one we approve.
>> Okay. So, I'll make a motion that we
approve the
uh event permit for the Sarah Sarah
Lankan New Year's new year calibration
for the Connecticut Meditation Center
contingent on approval of the fire
marshall and the Eastern Highlands
Health District.
>> A second.
>> Further discussion?
Okay. Uh Ann, how do you vote?
I
>> Carol
>> abstain.
>> Abstain
Jeff Murray.
>> Yes. I
>> Scott Person. Oh, he's not on. Uh Jeff
McGuire, I'll vote I. So it'll be three
uh zero and we'll call it one uh two. So
302 will be the vote on that. So
um since we've lost Scott, I don't think
he'll have too much of a problem with
this.
Um from pages 10
through
23 we have a set of minutes. So
uh
I'll make a motion
I'll do it one at a time. I'll make a
motion that we approve the uh regular
meeting minutes for January 12th, 2026.
Uh
>> I
>> and is seconding. Um further discussion
and how do you vote?
>> I
>> Carol
>> Jeff Murray
>> I
>> Jeff Maguire I 401.
Um, I'll make a motion that we approve
the February 9th, 2026 regular minute,
uh, regular meeting minutes.
And one second,
we're going to let Scott back in.
Okay, Scott, your internet's back.
Scott, can you hear us? You're on mute.
Okay,
>> there you go. All right. So, Scott, I
made a motion to approve you. You've
abstained from the last two votes. You
abstained from an event permit, and
you've abstained
uh Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot something.
I'm going to have to go backwards.
um you abstained from the January 12th
minute meetings that already got
approved. So now we're on to approving
the February 9th, 2026 regular minute
meetings
meeting minutes and an seconded. So Ann,
how do you vote?
>> I Carol Lee
>> I.
>> Jeff Murray
>> Scott Person
Scott voted yes. Jeff McGuire voted yes.
5.
Okay. Um,
I'm going to finish this 10. So, 10 C.
I'm going to make a motion to approve
the March 9th, 2026 regular meeting
minutes.
>> Second.
>> Carol Lee. Seconded. Further discussion?
Nothing. Ann, how do you vote? I
>> Carol Lee.
>> Jeff Murray. Hi. Scott Person
Scott voted yes. Jeff Magcguire votes
yes. Uh I need to move back to 9C
discussion and action on the appointment
of the town administrator. Um
uh we appointed it's on the it's on our
new business thing but we've already
appointed uh
Matthew Streeter. Um, he started today
and uh
the coffee cake and and the coffee from
the staff and the card. I told him it
was probably going to be his best day.
So, we're we're keeping we're going to
keep moving. So,
all right. Uh,
and I apologize for this. In the future,
uh, Lisa, we will definitely move this
up. Um, item 11, treasurer's report. Um
everything from page 24
through
um 2034
are all the treasurers reports. Um still
a work in progress for c certain items
that are on there but um anybody have
any questions related to any of the
items?
All right.
Um,
one of the things that we'll end up
doing with the treasure and I spoke with
Matt about today is we're going to start
having quarterly meetings with all of
the department heads and the board
chairs starting next month. They're all
going to receive their monthly reports.
They're are going to receive all of
their
this first goround. They're going to
receive their standard reports similar
to what you're seeing here, which is the
current expenditures, the budgeted
amount, the over under budget amount,
and the percentage of budget expended to
date. And they will also have the
ability they they need to participate
more in how all of the expenses are
coded as they go into the treasur's
department. So, we're working through
the process that um we need to get in
place to have that done. But all of
those reports are set up and ready to
go. And uh we started with Eric and uh
Tess, they both have their reports and
they will also be going to all the board
and commissions uh because there are
certain accounts that are board and
commission related. So in the next 30
days uh we will have we will schedule
meetings and then try to uh get this
done on a quarterly basis so that we
have uh additional um understanding by
the department heads as to how their
budgets are being managed and where
their money the money that they have
been spent is going in the financial
statements. So um hopefully we can get
that done. is something that I I told
Matt would be very beneficial for him to
sit there and have access. So, we got
him in access in today into necessary
information so he can have oversight
over the spending and understand which
accounts that he uh needs to apply uh
bills to and what we do. So, I think the
process will get a lot better and uh
we'll get that done. So
>> the other thing
>> um Jeff, if I could just add
>> sure
>> was the process. Um I want a cleaner
process. Um and I want to review that um
with people because I going through the
couple hundred invoices that I input in
the last couple of days. Um we
definitely need to have a more efficient
process. So I am trying to work towards
that also.
>> Yeah. Um, a lot of that goes to getting
the right bills to the right
departments. And so we've talked a lot
about uh stamps and how things get
pushed back to the department heads and
having separate um
uh
we'd call them boxes, but boxes for each
of the departments that say, "Here are
your bills for this current week. You
come pick them up. You approve them. You
put them in the appropriate account
where you want them to go to. they come
back to the the treasur's office, they
get input into the system and then they
get paid accordingly. So what Lisa is
saying is is they, you know, right to
this point in time, we haven't really
had a lot of buy in or a lot of
information coming from the department
heads that needs to and the department
heads that are doing a good job. Let's
say like Eric, he might not be getting
all of his items put into the right
accounts, which is something that, you
know, he and I have discussed and what
we're going to try to do to get um get
completed and do a better job of. So,
um, I can only I was just about to say I
can only thank Lisa for the effort that
she's put forth to sit there and and get
through this budget, which has not been
an easy budget to get through. Um, and
uh, let's hope we can sit there and get
uh, get the next budget done a little
bit quicker and a little bit easier. So,
all right. Anybody else have any other
questions for the treasur?
Okay,
we're going to move on to page 35, which
is the tax collector's reports. So,
we're going into a new quarter. The tax
collector's office has started to get
busier. She'll start receiving all of
her payments. This will be a significant
collection month. Uh last month was
$230,000,
but uh one thing, Matt, we do
collections four times a year, not two
times a year. So it's a little bit of
additional work but flow of money comes
in at different times. So and our next
uh
our next month will be a heavy
collection month. So we have a a note on
page 38 from Kate the tax collector
talking about
back tax collections and what we're
going to do. went from page 39
uh
through page 56 are the largest
delinquent taxpayers. Pay special
attention, I think, to page 47, 47, 48,
something like that. It's a good page. I
always like that one. I'll find it. Oh,
no. It's a 46. Lot of money.
Yeah.
And if I was king, I would be collecting
it all, but I'm not. just a
democratically elected first elect. So,
um let's move on to item 57. Going to
make a motion that we authorize tax
refunds totaling $546.66.
Uh all coming from certificates of
correction.
Somebody want to second that?
>> Second it. Yeah.
>> Scott seconded that.
Um, further discussion on the tax
refunds hearing none. Ann, how do you
vote?
>> I,
>> Carol,
>> Jeff Murray,
>> I,
>> Scott Person,
>> Jeff Magcguire, 5 nothing.
Okay, let's move on to departmental
reports from page 59,
you know, down to
um
all the way through the end, page 97 or
all the departmental reports. Has
anybody sat there and reviewed any of
this? I I will take note that the uh
state police have been have given us a
new report. Very interesting if you
looked at it. um
extremely interesting in that the
historical calls received per per year u
have been decreasing over the last three
years. Last year there was a little bit
of a bump up but 2024 there were less
than a thousand calls received by the
state troopers office from Andover and
currently through the first four months
of the year only 128 calls have been
received. So, extremely interesting
information in the packet. Uh, if
anybody wants to take the time to look
at it.
>> I I did I talked to the trooper also and
he did say that Ando is a very quiet
town.
>> Oh my god, Scott, you didn't just say
Yando, did you?
>> Yeah, I did.
>> Oh my god. Please.
All right. Um,
anybody have any questions related to
the the building department report?
a little bit slow. We still need to
really take some time to dig into that.
That's something, Scott, Matt, that you
can sit there and look at as far as how
we're sitting there generating money
related to our permits. It's a vol
>> thing I did notice there, Jeff, was they
they're putting an evaluation of that uh
monopole that they're putting up at the
Earth Farm. $522,000
that it's the value at.
>> Okay. The one up on Bunker Hills does is
not have that high of a valuation, I
don't think.
>> Okay.
>> I'm going to talk to John about that.
>> Okay. It would be great if we could sit
there and get our
>> relate to that value.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
And our property taxes related to that
value.
>> Okay. Um, from pages 82, 83, 84, and 85,
it's the work being done by the blight
official. Um,
any questions related to that? Not,
we'll just keep moving through them. Um,
page 86, uh, 87
and 88. Well, 89,
90, 91. Let's see when you end. There
you go. Okay. So page 86 through 91 is
the Department of Public Works and we
have Eric with us. So Eric, would you
like to sit there and give a little
summary of your report so we can all
hear it directly from you?
>> No problem.
>> Sure.
>> Um, have any of you guys reviewed this
and have any questions right off the bat
before I really get into it?
I'm glad that you did it though, Eric.
>> Um, I'm sorry it took as long as it did.
Um, by the time I got here, um, we got
into a real bad winter and I really
couldn't evaluate, excuse me, evaluate
the roads that needed work because
again, as you guys saw, the frost was
all over the place. Um, the snow was
right to the curb. So, it was uh, very
difficult for me to figure out what
needed to be done. Uh some of this is
left over from when uh Jay was here. Um
so I'm just kind of piggybacking off
that. Um I do want to let you guys know
too that um these are all estimated
costs as you guys know. You've driven by
a diesel pump. Um diesel's six bucks a
gallon now. Asphalt and everything we
have, bless you, is made out of uh is
made from petroleum product. So, um,
this cost, the ending cost may be a
little higher, just to let you guys know
that. Um, I plan on reclaiming and
paving, uh, Ridge Road. Um, it is
basically totally shot. Um, there's we
possibly could do double chip, but we're
not going to get a very long life out of
it. There's, uh, structures up there
right now for catch basin repair. We're
going to do that first. Um, and then
we're going to have it reclaimed and
paved and then we're in curbed. We're
going to come back as public works and
back fill it and fix any of the driveway
aprons that need to be done. Um, there's
this newer newer chip seal called rubber
chip. I actually talked to um uh Matt
briefly about this today. Um, he said
where he came from, that's all they do
now. They don't do any more of the chip
seal. It is a much better product. It
holds up a lot better. Um it is more
expensive unfortunately, but you get a
longer shelf life out of it. It actually
hugs the road better. And um there's no
mess like with a standard chip seal. Um
that those roads I have Wales Road,
Townsen Road, and Oak Farms Road. Um, I
do have some standard chip seal roads.
Um, the contractors that I did talk to
said that typically on deadend roads,
the rubber chip doesn't work because you
do a lot of turning on the ends. So, for
the standard chip seal, I have Bailey
Road, Hickory Hill, uh, East Street,
which is, uh, by the Heurn line, Webster
Lane, a small piece there. I'm going to
do Shotty Mill from Wales Road all the
way to the town line and Aspenol Road.
Um,
I had to add I wanted to uh do the
rubber chip for shotty mill, but the
problem was in order to get a a lower
rate, it was cheaper to do shotty mill
and chips uh chip stone. Um, crack
sealing. As you guys see that I'm going
to crack seal all the roads stated above
outside of Ridge of course. Um asphalt
for the contractor putting it down. Um
asphalt itself because we what we do is
we buy the asphalt because we can get it
at a cheaper price um than the
contractor can. So we buy the asphalt
and the contractor uh puts it down for
us. Um, that's multiple shimming and
paving strips on all the basically the
roads stated above. There's a couple
other little places in town I'm going to
see if we have extra money we can do.
Uh, one of them I think is on and I
don't know if it's Dogwood or Shadlow.
Uh, there's a section at really heaved
there this winter right by Long Hill and
uh, I want to cut that out and replace
that. Uh, we have catch basin cleaning.
We're definitely going to need that uh,
this year. um because of all the sand
salt I had to put out as you guys know.
Um drainage products. So that's catch
basins, pipe, mortar block, etc. Um
there's a next year looking ahead like I
like to do uh Birch Road which is a dead
end that's just as shot as a ridge. So
more than likely I'm going to reclaim
that next year. We're going to have to
put all new pro all new catch basins in
there. And I want to add a couple more
to relieve some of the drainage problems
there. Uh road materials, processed
stone, clear stone, cold patch. Um I
have pavement markings, that's painting
the roads. Uh line marking the roads,
the stop bars. Um I did get a call from
um Kathy D. Roger. Um she said that we
do have to do some line striping at the
Andover Library. Um, I guess OSHA went
in there and we're supposed to have a
clear path going into the bottom door
and the OSHA guy actually tripped over
one of the stop uh um curbs that we have
there going into the bottom door,
unfortunately. So, I talked to her. What
we came up with is maybe we could take a
um a handicap spot out from up top and
put one in down below next to that door.
So people have a handic instead of
trying to walk downstairs, they can walk
right I mean excuse come down the hill
and go in into there, they can just they
can have a handicap spot right next to
that. Um total road request that I have
is uh 933,000.
Um there's a hold over from last year
because again we didn't uh we didn't do
a lot of road improvement because Jay
left as you guys know. So we have a
balance of 688,000.
Um the board of finance put allocated
385,000 for us. Um so that leaves a that
leave I want a little cushion of money
in there in case something comes up
especially with the prices going through
the roof. Um, that way again if pavement
all of a sudden goes to 120 a ton or 150
a ton, we have that cushion and not have
to come back to you guys or the board of
finance and say, "Hey, wait a minute. We
just dug up this road. Now all of a
sudden the price went through the roof."
Um, so that's basically where I stand
with my uh summer road projects. Um, in
the packet too, there should be a map as
well. You'll see on the map uh the
different colors. I don't know if it
came through with you D guys with the
different colors. It did. Okay. It just
shows where I'm doing in town for
different stuff. Um the tree budget, the
tree warden actually sat down and uh did
this is did this as well. Um basically
um we have a good um working
relationship with Eversource. Um, so
Eversource will come in and clear their
lines around their stuff and then we pay
an additional money and we can actually
trim back right to our um our rightways
and get a lot of overhanging stuff that
as you guys see driving around that
Eversource does not uh won't touch or
they cut those big seas out of the trees
and stuff like that. Um so
um Jay started that which I think is a
really good project. Um, since I've been
here, I've only had to come in for two
trees down, and that's since November
that went all through the winter, and
that went into the spring. We had this
last windstorm, and I think uh we had
maybe, correct me if I'm wrong, uh, Jeff
Maguire, we only had maybe a couple
hundred people out, so we did we did
really well with that. And I I credit
that to all the tree trimming that's
been done in town. Um, there's 23 grand
left in that account, I believe. Um
the bo the board of finances uh
allocated well approved for but for
approval uh 50 grand. Um it's almost
it's a little over two grand a day to
get a tree crew in here now. Um we just
had a tree crew come in on Long Hill cuz
it uh there was a very dangerous tree.
Half of it fell in the uh uh homeowner's
yard, which happens to be the new
assessor, and the other half was hanging
over and it was totally rotted in there.
So, um we had them take it down and trim
a few more uh hanging leaders over the
road. And again, that was a little over
two grand a day. Um so, again, some of
this some of that the tree work is plus
and minus only because sometimes we may
say, "Hey, you know, you're right down
the road. Can you hit this?" And it's
beyond our aotted time. So,
uh, that's basically it for that. Do you
guys have any questions, comments,
anything you can think of you would like
to see different?
>> You think you'll be able to get all that
road work done this summer?
>> I am going to try I am going to do my
darnest to do it. We're out we're out
sweeping right now. Um, we swept around
the lake first only because we put sand
salt down and I wanted to make sure the
lake got swept so a lot of that sand
didn't get contaminated. We're actually
sweeping the roads now, starting to
sweep the roads now that need that need
to be uh um done. Um, we have a little
bit of ditching to do here and there,
but worst case scenario, we can do that
afterwards. Um, again, with your guys
approval, I'm going to start uh calling
a contractor. We have a bunch of
shimming to do on Towns. We have some
shimming to do on Townsen, a little bit
on Wales. Uh, Shotti needs some decent
shimming there. Um,
so that's our our real big push, but I'm
going to and I talked I I believe I
talked to you about this, Scott, and um
once we get uh twothirds of the town
swept, um we're going to finish sweeping
uh the um long hill. We do it by plow
route. We're going to sweep a long hill
uh section. Um and then I'm going to go
out with the crew and we're going to get
those catch basins in uh ridge so we can
get that project up and going.
Um I'm actually going to
>> I'm going to actually start getting
again once sweeping, I hate to say it,
is kind of boring. There's not a lot I
can do out there, but once we get going
in our season, I'm going to be out there
doing work with these guys a lot. So,
um, and you know, we we're going to need
a guy to stay on roadside mowing, as you
guys know. That's a probably next month
till November job. Um, once the catch
basin cleaning guys come in, we lose
another guy. So, we're going to need,
you're going to need me out there
regardless. And I have no problem
jumping in the catch basins and
mortaring around them and all that
stuff. I'm no stranger to that. Um cuz
again we got to we have to get I want
that once they once we get the catch
basins done in ridge then they can come
in and reclaim it. Once they reclaim it
it's going to be a quick process. I'm
going to be on them because that's all
hills and one good rainstorm will end up
out in uh Bernap Brook if we're not
careful. Um what's nice is
>> Oh sorry go ahead.
>> Go ahead. I thought you were done.
Um, what's nice is again with that we we
were able to cut the cost down a lot on
that ridge road because we can do a lot
of that work oursel. Um, I'm um I'm
going to post a guy there when we when
they pave because that saves uh $7 a ton
for traffic, which is crazy. Um, and
then a lot of the driveway aprons and uh
cutting of the road itself is like just
to cut the road, it's $7 a foot. Um, so
again, we can save we save money all
over the place, but some towns just
don't do it. They just hand over 200
grand and say, "Okay, give us a new
road." I that's not what I do cuz we can
a lot of these driveway aprons now the
uh contractors cut will charge almost
$1,600 an apron when we can go out and
get pavement for half that and have our
guys do it and and a better product. So,
okay. Um I I love your report. Can you
uh for let's say next month the first
two pages that you're giving us the the
roads uh yes
>> can you give us the dates that you're
anticipating starting. So like you're
starting this one here and the next one
it might push back but at least we can
have an understanding of of what your
your your team is doing and when you're
going to get started and then also any
resident who wants to listen and
participate in our meetings can sit
there and see when their road might be
getting worked on. Definitely. Um,
again, I apologize for not too much
detail this winter, but again, as you
guys know, we got pounded with snow and
in between we were just fixing the
building up and putting out, as I call
them, little spot fires. So, it's once I
get into this road, you guys will be you
you guys will know what's going on. Um,
I also talked when we are at that
meeting, Jeff, I do have the uh the
preliminary start dates for the u
milling and paving of Route Six. Um
they're going to start this. They they
work at night. They don't do it during
the day. Uh tenative date was April 19th
to May tw uh May 12th for the milling
and the tenative date for paving was May
17th to June 29th.
>> Okay. Um,
and I'll just let all the board members
know I I was speaking to Eric about the
millings and I requested to get as much
of the millings as he possibly could
because you said that you have another
process of utilizing those millings.
Could you just explain that to the
board?
>> Yes, I do. So, when I was in Coventry,
um, you guys are all familiar with the
around the lake there, a lot of the
roads were dirt. Um over the years they
instead of pave you know full-on paving
them which is very costly as you guys
know what they did was they had gotten
millings and saved them up and then they
screened them and they put it down. They
basically would reheat them and then put
them out through a pavement box type
deal and then they would do a double
chip over them. And what that did was
because they weren't a highly traveled
road the roads held up beautiful. Um, I
was thinking of doing that to down in
Lake View area only because that's our
last dirt road. Um, and I I think it
would add much value. One, we wouldn't
have to go in and grade it anymore. You
wouldn't have wash outs. It'd be easier
to plow. It's just all around a better
product. And because we don't it's not a
a highly traveled road like Lake Road
is, um, it will last it'll last a while.
We did we did a couple roads like that
in Coventry again that were dirt and the
only thing that messed them up and it
was more the road edge was the garbage
trucks going in there because they ride
along the edge of the road and there's
no really nothing you can do about it.
So um but outside of that the roads are
still in in good shape today.
>> All right. So anything we can do to
minimize cost that would be great and if
we can get as much of those millings as
possible that would be appreci.
Anybody else have any other questions
for Eric?
>> Great job, Eric. Very happy.
>> Thank you.
>> Great report.
>> Thank you. I just want to add one thing
if you don't mind, Jeff Murray. Uh the
wood bin up at the transfer station is
almost full with all the wood that we
took off the road so far.
>> Okay. The word's out. So,
>> okay.
>> You know, it's we'll see how we'll see
how they we'll see how it goes.
>> Actually,
Eric, I do have something related to
that. Uh, I got I got a text from
Dominic related to that. He would like a
sign up there.
>> Okay.
>> That uh wood cutting ends at 2:00 or
2:30.
>> Okay.
>> Know that he that the people are leaving
early. So, give me one second. I got to
look at his text message to me.
>> Okay.
>> I've heard people are taking it.
>> Yeah.
>> I just don't know how much
Um,
>> yeah, maybe it was a voicemail that he
sent me. Um,
>> okay.
>> But he would like I would like you to
get out there with him. Um,
>> okay.
>> To make sure because I think what he was
after was a way to uh get them to clean
up so that when his his shift is over,
they're out. rather than him hanging
around waiting for them to clean up and
get through.
>> No, I understand. Where would I'll get
with him to see where he wants to put
that sign, whether it be down below in
the area we made or up top by the um by
his shack there.
>> Yeah, probably both because
he'll point to one by the shack and then
there'll be one down there. So he when
if he has to go down there, he can point
to that one, too. Okay, I'll talk to
him.
>> All right. Anybody else for Eric?
No. Okay, Eric, thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
>> No problem. All right.
Um,
so page
92 on our packet that's related to the
Andover Public Library
uh report for the month.
Um
page 93 is for our
register of voters. So we processed 47
new voters
and then we have p 14 correspondents.
Um
so this is talking about um
inland wetlands
and he wants to hire inland wetlands
agent. So Scott wants to talk about
that. We're going to talk about that in
executive session.
Okay.
Um,
anybody have anything else that they'd
like to discuss before we move to public
speak?
No. Okay, let's go through Stephen King.
>> Welcome back.
>> Sorry about that.
>> I just like to make one correction
there. the uh comm uh the conservation
commission members Maryanne Giles is the
chair, Hank Gruner member, Kathy Sheay
member, James Cole member, I am a member
and Gary Gu is an alternate Evan
Magcguire resigned about six months ago.
Okay.
>> All right, Joanne Hubert.
Yeah, I just wanted to say
congratulations and welcome to our new
town administrator, Matt Strereer. It's
so nice to see him sitting there in that
spot. Um, happy to see an experienced
and qualified individual take over the
position and I wish him much much
success. So, welcome to Andover,
>> Leon Hutchinson.
>> All set. Thanks.
>> Okay. And then I have a phone number
ending in 7282.
Okay, I'll come back if you can get
unmuted and then Eric, do you have
anything you want to add to public
speak? You're good.
>> I do. I'd like to thank the board for
allowing me to come on and discuss my
summer road projects and I look forward
to working with Matt.
>> Okay. Uh Lisa Jablonski,
do you have
>> No, I I think I'm good. Thank you.
>> All right.
Okay. So, now I would like to sit there
and go to 15A. I'd like to um go to
executive session and uh invite in Matt
Streer to join us. Um and I thank
everybody for attending the meeting. And
if you'd like to stay in, you can stay
in till we get out, but I'm going to put
you into uh
the waiting room if you want to go
there. So,
all right. I'm going to pause the
recording to start with. So,
okay. So, um we're coming out of
executive session at 8:38 and um um I
would like to make a motion authorizing
the town administrator to utilize uh
$10,000 from the uh treasurer's uh line
items to compensate the current
treasurer for work done on the uh uh the
budget and the uh internal processes. is
for the the treasur's office. Uh those
payments are to be made over the
remaining payroll periods for the fiscal
year 2025 2026.
>> Second that, Jeff.
>> All right, Scott seconded. Um further
discussion.
All right, Ann, how do you vote?
>> Hi.
>> Carol,
>> hi.
>> Jeff Murray,
>> hi. Scott Persan,
Jeff Maguire. Right. Um,
uh, did we have to make an Oh, uh, we're
going to Scott, we're going to make a
motion to authorize the town
administrator and the zoning official
to, um, establish, uh, to, um,
post for an inland wetlands agent
and a committee to review applications
received.
>> Moved.
>> Okay, Scott seconded. Um, Ann, how do
you vote?
>> Hi,
>> Carol.
>> Jeff Murray.
>> Hi,
>> Scott Person.
>> Jeff Magcguire. I 5 nothing. Okay,
>> Matt, you're going to work with Wayne to
do that.
>> Yeah, I I I think I still have to meet
Wayne. I don't think I've met yet.
>> I don't I think Wayne was on vacation. I
think he's in Virginia.
>> Yeah.
>> So, um when he gets back, we'll sit
there and get that situated, Matt. So
again, Matt, um, you know,
>> just one quick question. I think to
Scott, I think, did I I think I saw
something somewhere that there was a job
description already ready.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I'll wait till it gets back to just make
sure this
>> I just want know if it was ready to go.
>> Yeah. Involve Wayne. He's a good guy.
>> Awesome.
>> Smart.
>> Okay. All right. Um, do we have anything
else? I'll make a motion to adjurnn.
>> Second. and seconded. Ann, how do you
vote?
>> I
>> Carol
>> Jeff Murray
>> I
>> got person
>> Jeff Magguire I 5 nothing. All right
everyone, thank you very much.
Appreciate it. Yep. Have a good night
everybody.
>> Thanks Matt. Yep.